---
layout:     post
title:      Practice
permalink:  /practice
date:       2018-08-28
summary:    This is something you'll learn only by practice.
            And it'll only stay with you as long as you keep practicing...
categories: thoughts
---

"This is something you'll learn only by practice. And it'll only stay with you as long as you keep practicing".

An old man said this to me once. I asked him how I could improve my sketches. I didn't really pay attention to his words at the time. I thought he was spouting the same bullshit everyone says. It sounded to me like a truism.

Recently, I was sifting through my stuff and I found my old sketchbook. Memories came rushing back to me when I went through the pages. A few sketches were so good that I couldn't believe I had done them. And it made me sad.

Then I searched for my old diary, where I used to write my poems. Again, a few of them were brilliant. They were definitely written by someone else. I felt like a sham. A shadow of my former self.

I couldn't remember why I gave it up, but it was probably because at some point of time, I must've thought this wasn't the best way I could make use of my time. And then I thought of everything else I had given up because I felt it was useless. Foreign languages, painting, music, sports - I gave up all of them. How can I die a happy man if they haunt me on my deathbed?

In Oscar Wilde's introduction to The Picture Of Dorian Gray, he says, "All art is quite useless.". In my quest to become more productive, I let go of everything I deemed useless. I never thought that I would need to feed my soul too, along with my thoughts. I never thought I would need some me-time.

The old man is right, isn't he. He put it really eloquently. Anything worthwhile will need continuous and sustained effort. It is upto me though, what I deem worthwhile.
