---
layout:     post
title:      Teaching
permalink:  /teaching
date:       2019-07-16
summary:    Now I am become the master, illuminator of paths, destroyer of ignorance..
categories: thoughts
---

"Why would he want me?", I asked him. I haven't even graduated yet. This is a serious affair. Teaching a class of 500 people ML and AI is no joke.

"He really likes your profile."

"What profile?"

"..."

I had not shared anything online. I guess my profile was that I was available. And he needed someone to fill the spot ASAP. Besides, I had nothing to lose. It would be a new experience, and it was decent money.

The first workshop was in Vishakhapatnam. And it was around 200 people, not 500. Still a large number though. The ten days that I took two three-hour sessions a day transformed my life.
I didn't know I was capable of that. It was gruelling, it was tiresome, it was trying on my soul, but it was fucking amazing.
After the first two days, I couldn't recognize my voice and my whole body ached. In the evening, I would come back to my hotel room and think about what I was doing. I wanted to nope the fuck out of there.
But somehow, I kept going. I realized after a week that I loved it. I then took on another position, teaching React-Native in Hyderabad for another ten days and it was all the same, again.

I realized that I love teaching. Teaching teaches you. A lot.

At the end of both the workshops, I handed the guys a stack of A4 sheets, converted into chits. I asked them for their uncensored feedback. 

Honestly, reading the feedback was the most satisfying thing of all.
