---
layout:     post
title:      I've decided to become a hacker
permalink:  /hacker
date:       2019-11-02
summary:    I see your look of disapproval and raise you a cheeky smile.
categories: thoughts
---
I've decided to become a hacker.

Yeah, I know it sounds like something a thirteen year old would say. 

In fact, thirteen year old me wanted to be a hacker. I just tossed the idea since I couldn't see a way of achieving the task.
But here I am, three months short of my twenty fourth birthday, after having completed two unrelated degrees,
and working in a job that neither of them qualifies me to do, I want to be a hacker.

Yes, I know I'll probably change my mind and the world of software development will again capture my imagination with something
new and exciting and beautiful but on the off chance that it doesn't, I want to state my intentions. I want to come back to this post 
and read it and remember where I started from.

I've installed Kali Linux, which a lot of people think just qualifies you to become a "script kiddie", but hey, we all start somewhere.
And I've acquired a ton of books on the topic and related ones. I want to capture this journey. No, I've a feeling that I have to capture this journey.
I can't explain to you why I think its important. It just is.

Maybe it is because all of it, what I do, just seems so meaningless to me. Trading time for money, so we can trade money for time, 
I don't know, kind of seems.. pointless. Then you get lost in the hierarchies, the structure. Running from one, towards another. 
Knowing that you'll run away from that too. So what is the end game then? Is life just a slow death?

Hackers seem to defy structure. They want to find faults in it. So that someone can fix it. In a way, for other people, they make the 
structure stronger. Yet they manage to stay out of it. 

And then there are all the other things I want. Freedom. To work for myself. Knowledge. Challenge. And I think I know enough now to believe
that hacking will provide me with all these things and more. I don't know. I know it sounds crazy. Maybe I've glorified it, like the
media does. 

There's only one way to find out. 
